Maia Learn Documentation (#8791)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/modeling/mendix-ai-assistance/maia-learn.md

---
title: "Maia Learn"
linktitle: "Learn"
url: /refguide/maia-learn/
weight: 5
description: "Describes the features in Maia Learn."
---

## Introduction 

> Maia Learn helps you to quickly learn Mendix core concepts and get started with Studio Pro. It is a platform where you can navigate to different learning materials while providing you a holistic learning experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maia Learn helps you to quickly learn Mendix core concepts and get started with Studio Pro. It is a tab within the **Maia** pane where you can navigate to different learning materials while providing you a holistic learning experience.
```

## Using Maia Learn

There are two ways to access Maia Learn: 

* On the **Welcome** page of Studio Pro, click **Open Maia Learn**
* Or click the **Maia** ({{% icon name="sparkles" %}}) icon at the top right bar of Studio Pro and click **Learn**

The learning interface appears at the right side of Studio Pro under the **Maia** tab:

{{< figure src="/attachments/refguide/modeling/mendix-ai-assistance/maia-learn/maia-learn-interface.png" width="300px">}}

Click **Mendix Core Concepts**, you can start your learning journey with Maia Learn and learn all the basics about domain models, pages, logic, security, and integrations, including how you can apply these core concepts in Studio Pro.

> 

Reviewer: You can also access additional materials on the topic, such as related documentation or a learning path.

Author: Thanks! Added this information.
